Add possibility to disable konnektor proxy (#5)
oviva-ag/epa4all-client: README.md

  ghcr.io/oviva-ag/epa4all-rest-service:latest
```

> ### docker-compose with userspace wireguard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## docker-compose with userspace wireguard
```

This would be an example on how to run the epa4all-rest-service with a VPN connection to the Konnektor. The VPN connection is established via a userspace wireguard implementation. The service uses the network stack of the VPN container.
To achieve this, not setting the `EPA4ALL_PROXY_ADDRESS` is enough.

> Note: Also note that this will most likely not work on GKE or other managed Kubernetes solutions due to the NET_ADMIN capability.
> Note2: a userspace wireguard implementation is not as performant as a kernel implementation. If you want to use a kernel implementation, you need to run the VPN container in host network mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This will most likely not work on GKE or other managed Kubernetes solutions due to the required `NET_ADMIN` capability.

> [!NOTE]
> A userspace wireguard implementation is not as performant as a kernel implementation. If you want to use a kernel implementation, you need to run the VPN container in host network mode.
```

  epa4all-rest:
    container_name: epa4all-rest
    image: epa4all-rest-service:latest
    ports:
        - '127.0.0.1:8099:8080'
    volumes:
        - ./vKon_Client_XXX.p12:/credentials.p12
    environment:
        - EPA4ALL_KONNEKTOR_URI=https://10.156.145.103:443
        - EPA4ALL_ENVIRONMENT=RU
        - EPA4ALL_PROXY_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1

>         - EPA4ALL_KONNEKTOR_PROXY=false

Reviewer: Instead of a flag, why not only use a proxy when its set?

I.e. if `EPA4ALL_PROXY_ADDRESS` is empty, no proxy is used.

Author: That was my initial intention as well. At that point, I was convinced that (some) sort of proxy was still needed in the `Epa4allClientService.java` part. That was wrong. On a second try, I got it to work.

Now simply omitting the `EPA4ALL_PROXY_ADDRESS` will not add a proxy to the http client 👍

Author: Also added a comment about GKE to the README!
